Hi, guys, in this lesson, we will talk about becan, service, architecture and over overview.
If you think about our application as a whole, we will have three main components.
First one is the database.
Second one is the second and third one is the front end.
In this course, we will implement all of them one by one.
And on the server side, we will cover database and they can technologies to get on the server side.
We will handle book operations and user operations.
For example, let's think of an online shopping system.
You know that shopping systems contain different products.
And of course, these products have some basic features like price, name, etc..
Actually, our basic items are basic classes will be these items.
These products can be listed, deleted or edited, etc. So our products will be books here.
Actually, we can think of our server side as a book service.
So book service will provide the book Corot operations.
Actually, we can describe the book service as the implementation service for the book KROT Operations.
On the server side, we will also handle users sign up and signing operations.
So we will create an infrastructure for user authorization on the server side to implement these services.
Firstly, we will use Springboard.
It will provide a simpler and faster way to set up configure and run rest API applications.
With Springboard module we will control the structure will be implemented.
Our MVC structure will work like that.
First of all, the and the classes will be created under the model package later.
If module class is permanent, create a repository for it called the repository from services.
Finally, call services from the controller's data will be presented to the client as an API call,
so SPRINK controllers will be used to handle them.
The other thing will be skippering security.
We will provide secure sign up and signing operations with Supreme Security and API redirections will
be provided in a secure way to do it.
We will implement that configuration.
The other thing will be JWT, JSON.
That token after the logging operation is provided by the user.
We don't need logging operations anymore.
Then we will provide authentication with the Jason that token in our project.
We will use PostgreSQL as database here.
You can ask why PostgreSQL.
Of course it is not necessary or it is not only option for us.
We can use any databases on our project like my Mongo DB, H2 database, etc..
We chose Postgres good because we want to deploy our services to Hiroku at the end of the course and
PostgreSQL can be used for Fihri in Hiroku.
So to test it for free, we chose PostgreSQL.
We will map our database tables to objects with G.P.A., Jawa Persistance API and hibernate.
So we will provide object relational mapping with hibernate.
For clean court, we will use the Lombok Library.
We don't want to implement getter setter equals and hedgcock methods so we can escape them using Lomborg
data or video annotation.
To handle all dependencies of our service, we will use greater here.
You can ask, why don't we go along with no one?
We will use Gradle because Gradle has a configuration and better performance than most.
That's all about the server structure.
Thank you.